[Music]
this world has gone through a change
from one of my last remembered but
everything that happened before is clear
as crystal no matter how big the sir
ramped was to come I will find I will Oh
Captain Falcon
ah Mario if it is it Mario how you bid
higher bid has a senior wha hmm why the
heck do you just come out of nowhere hit
me
kept it Falcon was hunting huh tape to
the bright brother look at the logs a
while
it's the bottom of the ladder ratings
ah same old falcon pinky a falcon print
sells everything
are you mocking the deccan
[Music]
[Applause]
no no no how can you beat Captain Falcon
so mercilessly oh come on you were the
one who attacked me first and another
thing is the term even started yet if
not then what was the point of this
you just stand Captain Falcon must
be Peter Captain Falcon was what's known
as bass until that Adam scrubbed me by
that certainty flash of light
captain bellies works hard to stop all
the ecology right here it puts a
defeating do it boost my rent into the
ultimate turning this way captain empty
rise the asses it's starting new with
the world's best bit is the only destiny
Captain Falcon jump take it is the only
hello Mario hey that rhymes
hey Captain Falcon is awesome captain
nine on that
ah he needs real hell
at any rate I need to find Bowser
and put him down
[Music]
and it better